https://codepen.io/daraoye/pen/bGNjqNP

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML that introduces meaning to the web page
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        For structuring and creating web pages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute is used to define charactaristics of an HTML element and we put it inside the element's opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is the heading of the web page and should be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        <input>, <select>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        <head> tag
    7. What is an id? 
        An identifier which identifies the element when styling with CSS
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        paragraph, header
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once
    10. What is a class? 
        An attribute used to define the same styles for elements with the smae class Name
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        div, <p>, <span>,
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        Multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Add a target="_blank" attribute to the link
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        To specify altternative text for when the element to which it is applied cannot be rendered.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        use #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        div is a generic flow container, while section represents a thematic grouping of content
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        For editing the appearance of HTML elements and controling the layout of a webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        By using the class attributed to that element
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        An ID identifies one element, and a class identifies more than one element. Eg. of using class  is to format all h2 headings, while example of using ID is to format last name
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        using a period .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        It selects all elements that are a direct child of a specified element. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .navigation-div
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        It selects element in a specifie dstate e.g. when you hover with the mouse
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        <div style="border: dotted 1px black"
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        start with /* and end with */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        cd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
        rm command - you have to be careful because you cannot undo
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        In order to track changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
         git push -u origin master
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork - to create own version of repo
        2.Add TL as collaborator on forked repo
        3. Clone repo - copy link
        4. On the terminal, use cd command to go to directory where we will clone forked repo
        5. use git clone <lin> to clone the repo to directory
        6. CD into the newly created repo
        7. Create own branch name for the repo
        8. Work on repo
        9. Commit the changes 
        10. Push changes to Github repo
        11. Submit Pull request



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Inline elements do not start on a new line and only take up as much width as needed, while a block element always starts on a new line and stretches out to take up the full width available 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        It sits on its own layer separate from everything else. It no longer exists in the normal document layout flow.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   --> 